README.md, before:

# Project Name (Hello-Microverse)

An attempt to master all of the tools and best practices we've learned in previous lessons

## Built With

- HTML/ CSS /Javascript

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.
*copy the link under the code button
*open terminal and type in the following command
    git clone <link>

### Prerequisites

### Setup

### Install

### Usage

### Run tests

### Deployment

## Authors

👤 **Author Khaled Al-Khateeb**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/Khaled-AlKhateeb)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

Commit message:

move linters file to root, adjust README.md file all headers

README.md, after:

# Project Name (Hello-Microverse)

An attempt to master all of the tools and best practices we've learned in previous lessons

## Built With

- HTML/ CSS

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.
*copy the link under the code button
*open terminal and type in the following command
    git clone <link>

### Prerequisites
Basics of HTML, CSS
### Setup
Download the files, and open the index.html file
### Install
No install needed
### Usage
Check for HTML, CSS work
### Run tests
No tests needed
### Deployment
Google Chrome / Code editor (VS Code, Atom)
## Authors

👤 **Author Khaled Al-Khateeb**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/Khaled-AlKhateeb)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration

## 📝 License

This project is does not need a License.
